there was a famine in the land besides
there was a famine in the land besides the first famine that was in the days of
the first famine that was in the days of
the first famine that was in the days of Abraham and Isaac went to Abimelech king
Abraham and Isaac went to Abimelech king
Abraham and Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines in Kira then the Lord
of the Philistines in Kira then the Lord
of the Philistines in Kira then the Lord appeared to him do not go down to Egypt
appeared to him do not go down to Egypt
appeared to him do not go down to Egypt live in the land of which I shall tell
live in the land of which I shall tell
live in the land of which I shall tell you dwell in this land and I will be
you dwell in this land and I will be
you dwell in this land and I will be with you and bless you for to you and
with you and bless you for to you and
with you and bless you for to you and your descendants I give all these lands
your descendants I give all these lands
your descendants I give all these lands and I will perform the oath which I
and I will perform the oath which I
and I will perform the oath which I swore to Abraham your father and I will
swore to Abraham your father and I will
swore to Abraham your father and I will make your descendants multiply as the
make your descendants multiply as the
make your descendants multiply as the stars of heaven I will give to your
stars of heaven I will give to your
stars of heaven I will give to your descendants all these lands and in your
descendants all these lands and in your
descendants all these lands and in your seed all the nations of the earth shall
seed all the nations of the earth shall
seed all the nations of the earth shall be blessed because Abraham obeyed my
be blessed because Abraham obeyed my
be blessed because Abraham obeyed my voice and kept my charge my commandments
voice and kept my charge my commandments
voice and kept my charge my commandments my statutes and my laws
my statutes and my laws
my statutes and my laws so Isaac dwelt in Gera and the men of
so Isaac dwelt in Gera and the men of
so Isaac dwelt in Gera and the men of the place asked about his wife and he
the place asked about his wife and he
the place asked about his wife and he said she is my sister for he was afraid
said she is my sister for he was afraid
said she is my sister for he was afraid to say she is my wife because he thought
to say she is my wife because he thought
to say she is my wife because he thought lest the men of the place kill me for
lest the men of the place kill me for
lest the men of the place kill me for Rebecca because she is beautiful to
Rebecca because she is beautiful to
Rebecca because she is beautiful to behold now it came to pass when he had
behold now it came to pass when he had
behold now it came to pass when he had been there a long time
been there a long time
been there a long time that Abimelech king of the Philistines
that Abimelech king of the Philistines
that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked through a window and saw and
looked through a window and saw and
looked through a window and saw and there was Isaac showing endearment
there was Isaac showing endearment
there was Isaac showing endearment to Rebecca his wife then eliminate cold
to Rebecca his wife then eliminate cold
to Rebecca his wife then eliminate cold Isaac and said quite obviously she is
Isaac and said quite obviously she is
Isaac and said quite obviously she is your wife
your wife
your wife so how could you say she is my sister
so how could you say she is my sister
so how could you say she is my sister because I said lest I die on account of
because I said lest I die on account of
because I said lest I die on account of her what is this you have done to us one
her what is this you have done to us one
her what is this you have done to us one of the people might soon have lain with
of the people might soon have lain with
of the people might soon have lain with your wife and you would have brought
your wife and you would have brought
your wife and you would have brought guilt tell us so abemolik charged all
guilt tell us so abemolik charged all
guilt tell us so abemolik charged all his people
he who touches this man or his wife
he who touches this man or his wife shall surely be put to death then Isaac
shall surely be put to death then Isaac
shall surely be put to death then Isaac sowed in that land and reaped in the
sowed in that land and reaped in the
sowed in that land and reaped in the same year a hundredfold and the Lord
same year a hundredfold and the Lord
same year a hundredfold and the Lord blessed him the man began to prosper and
blessed him the man began to prosper and
blessed him the man began to prosper and continued prospering until he became
continued prospering until he became
continued prospering until he became very prosperous for he had possessions
very prosperous for he had possessions
very prosperous for he had possessions of flocks and possessions of herds and a
of flocks and possessions of herds and a
of flocks and possessions of herds and a great number of servants so the
great number of servants so the
great number of servants so the Philistines NVIDIA now the Philistines
Philistines NVIDIA now the Philistines
Philistines NVIDIA now the Philistines had stopped up all the wells which his
had stopped up all the wells which his
had stopped up all the wells which his father's servants had dug in the days of
father's servants had dug in the days of
father's servants had dug in the days of Abraham his father and they had filled
Abraham his father and they had filled
Abraham his father and they had filled them with earth and Abimelech said to
them with earth and Abimelech said to
them with earth and Abimelech said to Isaac go away from us for you are much
Isaac go away from us for you are much
Isaac go away from us for you are much mightier than we then Isaac departed
mightier than we then Isaac departed
mightier than we then Isaac departed from there and pitched his tent in the
from there and pitched his tent in the
from there and pitched his tent in the Valley of Elah
Valley of Elah
Valley of Elah and dwelt there and Isaac died again the
and dwelt there and Isaac died again the
and dwelt there and Isaac died again the wells of water which they had dug in the
wells of water which they had dug in the
wells of water which they had dug in the days of Abraham his father for the
days of Abraham his father for the
days of Abraham his father for the Philistines had stopped them up after
Philistines had stopped them up after
Philistines had stopped them up after the death of Abraham he called them by
the death of Abraham he called them by
the death of Abraham he called them by the names which his father had called
the names which his father had called
the names which his father had called them
also Isaac's servants dug in the valley
also Isaac's servants dug in the valley and found a well of running water there
and found a well of running water there
and found a well of running water there but the herdsmen of Gera quarreled with
but the herdsmen of Gera quarreled with
but the herdsmen of Gera quarreled with Isaac's herdsmen the water is ours so he
Isaac's herdsmen the water is ours so he
Isaac's herdsmen the water is ours so he called the name of the well he sick
called the name of the well he sick
called the name of the well he sick because they quarrelled with him then
because they quarrelled with him then
because they quarrelled with him then they dug another well and they quarreled
they dug another well and they quarreled
they dug another well and they quarreled over that one also
over that one also
over that one also so he called its name Sydnor and he
so he called its name Sydnor and he
so he called its name Sydnor and he moved from there and dug another well
moved from there and dug another well
moved from there and dug another well and they did not quarrel over it so he
and they did not quarrel over it so he
and they did not quarrel over it so he called its name thrilled because he said
called its name thrilled because he said
called its name thrilled because he said for now the Lord has made room for us
for now the Lord has made room for us
for now the Lord has made room for us and we shall be fruitful in the land
and we shall be fruitful in the land
and we shall be fruitful in the land then he went up from there to Beersheba
then he went up from there to Beersheba
then he went up from there to Beersheba and the Lord appeared to him the same
and the Lord appeared to him the same
and the Lord appeared to him the same night and said I am the God of your
night and said I am the God of your
night and said I am the God of your father Abraham do not fear for I am with
father Abraham do not fear for I am with
father Abraham do not fear for I am with you I will bless you and multiply your
you I will bless you and multiply your
you I will bless you and multiply your descendants for my servant Abraham's
descendants for my servant Abraham's
descendants for my servant Abraham's sake so he built an altar there and call
sake so he built an altar there and call
sake so he built an altar there and call on the name of the Lord and he pitched
on the name of the Lord and he pitched
on the name of the Lord and he pitched his tent there and there Isaac seven
his tent there and there Isaac seven
his tent there and there Isaac seven stagger well then abemolik came up from
stagger well then abemolik came up from
stagger well then abemolik came up from gira
gira
gira with a huzzah one of his friends and
with a huzzah one of his friends and
with a huzzah one of his friends and fico the commander of his army and Isaac
fico the commander of his army and Isaac
fico the commander of his army and Isaac said to them why have you come to me
said to them why have you come to me
said to them why have you come to me since you hate me and have sent me away
since you hate me and have sent me away
since you hate me and have sent me away from you we have certainly seen that the
from you we have certainly seen that the
from you we have certainly seen that the Lord is with you
Lord is with you
Lord is with you so we said let there now be an oath
so we said let there now be an oath
so we said let there now be an oath between us between you and us and let us
between us between you and us and let us
between us between you and us and let us make a covenant with you that you will
make a covenant with you that you will
make a covenant with you that you will do us no harm
do us no harm
do us no harm since we have not touched you and since
since we have not touched you and since
since we have not touched you and since we have done nothing to you but good and
we have done nothing to you but good and
we have done nothing to you but good and have sent you away in peace you are now
have sent you away in peace you are now
have sent you away in peace you are now the blessed of the Lord so he made them
the blessed of the Lord so he made them
the blessed of the Lord so he made them a feast and they ate and drank
then they arose early in the morning and
then they arose early in the morning and swore an oath with one another and Isaac
swore an oath with one another and Isaac
swore an oath with one another and Isaac sent them away and they departed from
sent them away and they departed from
sent them away and they departed from him in peace became to pass the same day
him in peace became to pass the same day
him in peace became to pass the same day that Isaac's servants came and told him
that Isaac's servants came and told him
that Isaac's servants came and told him about the well which they had done we
about the well which they had done we
about the well which they had done we have found water so he called it sheba
have found water so he called it sheba
have found water so he called it sheba therefore the name of the city is
therefore the name of the city is
therefore the name of the city is Beersheba to this day when Esau was 40
Beersheba to this day when Esau was 40
Beersheba to this day when Esau was 40 years old he took his wives Judith
years old he took his wives Judith
years old he took his wives Judith the daughter of B ehre the hittite and
the daughter of B ehre the hittite and
the daughter of B ehre the hittite and Bassem earth the daughter of elon the
Bassem earth the daughter of elon the
Bassem earth the daughter of elon the hittite and they were a grief of mine to
hittite and they were a grief of mine to
hittite and they were a grief of mine to Isaac and Rebekah